man strongly responsible
material security patronage
women care weakness phenomenon
because I still protect a man
and
the brighter the more beautiful when a woman next to
man, the more it turns 9
gold lives
that is, without women
what came but some women ap about
this already and one after another run and in
the result
Turks fight has already replenished
opposing each other proving
who is a bunch
but no one performs most not
fulfill your natural cats came
Forgive me love snow and went
she is not angry with him she walks
pregnant and giving birth to their kittens
nurses trains and releases and she
for their kittens
life will give life will give no when she
you raised them
completed program executed brought
when they eat themselves are written
they are free and if you tried with them on
her eyes have something to do with small
kittens that are not in your eyes
rushed you would kill her anyway
I rushed I saw I just did not try
just like a bitch dog she is not
will throw she will die together with combining
stone something like a wolf like any
the other is biology
but the man papas open cup has become wise
We we were not leaving
already all know the head have become like
the other side
God for the date I will tell you what is not necessary
give me this here this this vodka
I deserve this one this one this
here is a man he is a patron he can not
offend a woman because she is weak
nature until mom love the world to you
not when you will be like that
the opposite of mom is the world is
land
it needs to be poured in any winter or eight
rain or light it just needs to love and
take thanks this is mom and than
tougher mom is a man the more it
God loves because you have not in him
sure that I will pass
just like nature believes in you
what you can meet to take here
this is the main task no one wants on
I think this topic is worse for students
the situation in which a person grew up
more faith in him by nature god
absolute i'm not in the universe that he can
cope with this task is one
the opposite i need to go out to
bright clean people to love you
woman learns to love idolize
patronize and then the woman is not
only until such a decision you will not notice to
but we all have his underdevelopment to him
here we retreated and sit under the forty-forty
we stay at home I’m going to go there
at home in me is soup and not
already starting to call
and everyone with mom